# ES6 Single Page App
## Synopsis
Right now, many developers are just curious about ES6 and how it fits into a SPA. They map their knowledge about object prototypes to ES6 class syntax concepts. This project is an attempt to present ES6 single page application boilerplate without a framework.
## Features
This app features best practices in the following areas:
* Flexible single page app architecture based on ES6 rigid class inheritance hierarchies - This architecture allows extension of the traditional request response model the classic web is built upon when javascript is enabled. Only a single page is requested from the server on the initial load and all other subsequent views (similar to traditional pages) are taken in and out of view as needed. The architecture relies heavily upon ES6 module loader to pass information to and from the server to the client to merge with views that present data. This approach provides much less network activity, faster responses to user interactions and smaller server loads.
* Secure token based authentication - Successful token authentication system requires us to have detailed knowledge of security vulnerabilities and possible pitfalls associated with them. Single page app tend to have a complex structure: logged in view, the logged out view, or the restricted view. A basic example of this is when a user navigates to an app home address, based on if he is logged in or not, he is served with an account or login view content under the same url. It all comes down to access control. Users get the same app but they may not have the same levels of access. Csurf REST API session tokens presented in this app are great authentication mechanism with a solid secure layer that help us define who a user is and what they can access.
